.TH PAM_XDG RUNTIME DIR 8 "January 2024" "Version 1.0.0" "PAM Module Manual"
.SH NAME
pam_xdg_runtime_dir \- PAM module for creating user session directories

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B pam_xdg_runtime_dir
[\fIOPTIONS\fR]

.SH DESCRIPTION
The pam_xdg_runtime_dir PAM module is responsible for creating a directory /run/user/<UID> for the user during the session opening process. It sets the ownership of the directory based on the user's UID and GID. Optionally, it supports debug mode for additional logging.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B debug
Enables debug mode, producing additional log messages.

.SH RETURN VALUES
.PP
This module returns PAM_SUCCESS on success and PAM_SESSION_ERR on failure.

.SH EXAMPLES
.PP
The following example shows how to configure pam_xdg_runtime_dir in the PAM configuration file:
.BR session required pam_xdg_runtime_dir debug

.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBpam\fR(8), \fBpam.d\fR(8)

.SH AUTHORS
Written by Your Name <your.email@example.com>

.SH REPORTING BUGS
Report bugs to <your.email@example.com>.

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright © 2024 Your Organization. This is free software; see the source for copying conditions. There is NO warranty; not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

.SH NOTES
This manual page was written for the pam_xdg_runtime_dir module based on its behavior as of January 2024. Ensure that you consult the module's documentation for any updates or changes.

.SH BUGS
No known bugs.

.SH VERSION
This is pam_xdg_runtime_dir version 1.0.0.

.SH DATE
January 2024

